updates (#922)
telerik/maui-docs: installation/mac/system-requirements.md

# System Requirements for macOS

> >note Telerik .NET MAUI 3.2.0 supports .NET 7.0. The Telerik .NET MAUI 7.1.0 version supports .NET 9.0 Preview 6. For creating a project targeting a .NET 9 Preview, you need to use a Visual Studio 2022 Preview. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>note Telerik .NET MAUI 3.2.0 supports .NET 7.0. The Telerik .NET MAUI 7.1.0 version supports .NET 9.0 Preview 6. To create a project targeting .NET 9 Preview, you need to use Visual Studio 2022 Preview.
```

> > Microsoft discontinued .NET 7 support in May 2024. As of 2024 Q4 (November), Telerik .NET MAUI ends the support for .NET 7. Upgrade your apps to .NET 8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Microsoft discontinued .NET 7 in May 2024. As of 2024 Q4 (November 2024), Telerik .NET MAUI ends the support for .NET 7. Upgrade your apps to .NET 8.
```

> > By upgrading to the most recent version of .NET, you will leverage the latest features, performance enhancements, and security improvements offered by both Microsoft and Telerik.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be `by both Microsoft and Progress Software`?
